[Security][Gap Fill][9.3 & Serverless]: Docs recent additions for gap fill feature (#4403)
elastic/docs-content: solutions/security/detect-and-alert/monitor-rule-executions.md

::::{applies-switch}

:::{applies-item} { "stack": "ga 9.0" }
The panel has the following:
* **Time filter**: Allows you to select a time range for viewing gap data.
* **Total rules with gaps:** Tells you how many rules have unfilled or partially filled gaps within the selected time range.
* **Only rules with gaps**: Filters the Rules table to only display rules with unfilled or partially filled gaps.
:::

:::{applies-item} { "stack": "ga 9.1" }
The panel has the following:
* **Time filter**: Allows you to select a time range for viewing gap data.
* **Total rules with gaps:** Tells you the number of rules with unfilled gaps (left metric) and the number of rules with gaps being filled (right metric) within the selected time range.
* **Only rules with unfilled gaps**: Filters the Rules table to only display rules with unfilled gaps. Note that the filter excludes rules with gaps that are being filled.
:::

> :::{applies-item} { "stack": "ga 9.3", "serverless": "ga" }

Reviewer: Sorry, one more thing. Can you order these from most recent to least? Right now the 9.0 tab is enabled by default when the page loads instead of the 9.3 tab.

The panel has the following:
* **Rules with gaps:** Tells you the number of rules with gaps (left metric) and the number of rules with all gaps being filled (right metric). The metric shows data from the last 90 days.
:::

::::

Within the Rules table, several columns provide additional gap data:

* **Last Gap (if any)**: Shows how long the most recent gap for a particular rule lasted.
* **Unfilled gaps duration**: Shows whether a rule still has gaps and provides a total sum of the remaining unfilled or partially filled gaps. The total sum can change based on the selected time range. If a rule has no gaps, the columns display a dash (`––`). 
* {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.3`{applies_to}`serverless: ga`**Gap fill status**: Shows the status of the rule's gaps. If a rule has any unfilled gaps, the gap status is `Unfilled`. If all gaps for the rule are being are being filled, the status is `In progress`. Once all gaps have been filled, the status changes `Filled`. 

    ::::{tip}
    :applies_to:{stack: ga 9.3, serverless: ga}

>     Use the **Gap fill status** filter in the Rules table to find rules with the gap status you specify. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Use the **Gap fill status** filter in the Rules table to find rules with the specified gap status. 
```

   stack: preview 9.0, ga 9.1
```

> Use the information in the Gaps table to assess the scope and severity of rule execution gaps. To control what's shown in the table, you can filter the table by gap status, select a time range for viewing gap data, and sort multiple columns. {applies_to}`stack: ga 9.3` Fill all gaps for the rule by clicking **Fill all gaps**.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the information in the Gaps table to assess the scope and severity of rule execution gaps. To control what's shown in the table, you can filter the table by gap status, select a time range for viewing gap data, and sort multiple columns. 

{applies_to}`stack: ga 9.3` Fill all gaps for the rule by clicking **Fill all gaps**.
```

Brandon shared a best practice with me recently which is to not have applies to labels be inline. I think this makes it a bit more clear what the applies to... applies to :trollface:

Reviewer: There's a :trollface: emoji?!
